 
 
 
Rincon Hospitality Co., LLC 
 
 
Operating Agreement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
October 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

THE INTERESTS REFERENCED IN THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE LAWS IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM REGISTRATION.  SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, SOLD OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT AND IN A TRANSACTION WHICH IS EITHER EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACTS OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACTS. 
 
 

Rincon Hospitality Co., LLC 
Operating Agreement 
 
This Operating Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into as of October ____, 2020, by and among the persons listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement who have signed this Agreement and Rincon Hospitality Co., LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company (the “Company”). 
 
Article I 
Defined Terms 
 
The following capitalized terms shall have the meanings specified in this Article I.  Other terms defined elsewhere in the text of this Agreement shall have the meanings there ascribed to them. 
 
“Act” means the Uniform Limited Liability Company Act of 1996 under the Puerto Rico Code of Laws (Section 33-44-101 et seq.), as amended from time to time. 
 
“Articles” means the Company’s Articles of Organization filed with the Secretary of State. 
 
“Capital Account” means the account maintained by the Company for each Interest Holder in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.5. 
 
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any corresponding provision of any succeeding law. 
 
“Company” means the limited liability company formed in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
“Interest” means a Person’s share of the Profits and Losses of, and the right to receive distributions from, the Company. 
 
“Interest Holder” means any Person who holds an Interest, whether as a Member or as an unadmitted assignee or beneficiary of a Member. 
 
“Majority in Interest” means 100% of the Memberships. 
 
“Member” means each Person signing this Agreement and any Person who subsequently is admitted as a member of the Company in accordance with this Agreement who has not ceased to be a Member and who shall have all Membership Rights. 
 
“Membership Rights” means all of the rights of a Member in the Company including a Member’s Interest and right to vote. 
 
“Percentage” means the percentage of ownership a Member has in the Company as set forth beside the Member’s name on Exhibit A, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, and, as to an Interest Holder who is not a Member, the Percentage of the Member whose interest has been acquired by such Interest Holder to the extent the Interest Holder has succeeded to that Member’s Interest. 
 
“Person” means and includes an individual, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, trust, estate, or other entity. 
 
“Profit” and “Loss” means, for each taxable year of the Company (or other period for which Profit or Loss must be computed), the Company’s taxable income or loss determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a), with the following adjustments: 
 
all items of income, gain, loss, or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to 
Code Section 703(a)(1) shall be included in computing taxable income or loss; 
 
any tax-exempt income of the Company, not otherwise taken into account in computing 
Profit or Loss, shall be included in computing taxable income or loss; 
 
any expenditures of the Company described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) (or treated as such pursuant to Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i)) and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profit or Loss, shall be subtracted from taxable income or loss; 
 
gain or loss resulting from any taxable disposition of Company property shall be computed by reference to the adjusted book value of the property disposed of, notwithstanding the fact that the adjusted book value differs from the adjusted basis of the property for federal income tax purposes; 
 
in lieu of the depreciation, amortization, or cost recovery deductions allowable in computing taxable income or loss, there shall be taken into account the depreciation computed based upon the adjusted book value of the asset. 
 
“Regulation” means the income tax regulations, including any temporary regulations, from time to time promulgated under the Code. 
 
“Required Interest” means 100% of the Memberships entitled to vote. 
 
Article II 
Formation; Purpose; Term; Registered Agent 
 
Formation.  On October TBD, 2020, the Company was formed as a Puerto Rico limited liability company by filing Articles of Organization pursuant to the Act.  
 
Name of the Company.  The name of the Company is Rincon Hospitality Co., LLC.” The Company may do business under that name and under any other name or names that the Majority in Interest approves. 
 
Purpose. The Company is organized to operate a real estate investment business, and any other lawful business and activities, and to exercise all powers necessary to or reasonably connected with the Company’s business that may be legally exercised by limited liability companies under the Act.  
 

Term. The term of the Company shall be perpetual unless its existence is sooner terminated pursuant to Article VII of this Agreement. 
 
Principal Office. The principal office of the Company shall be at TBD, Rincon, Puerto Rico, 00677 or such other place or places as the Majority in Interest may select from time to time. 
 
Resident Registered Agent and Office.  The name and address of the Company’s registered agent in the State of South Carolina is United States Corporations Agents, Inc. at 1591 Savannah Highway, Suite 201 Charleston, South Carolina 29407. 
 
Members.  The names and Percentage of each Member are set forth on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement. 
 
Article III 
Capital Contributions; Capital Accounts 
 
Initial Capital Contributions.  The Members have made the capital contributions set forth on the books and records of the Company, the value of which the Majority in Interest has determined to be adequate.  Capital Contribution means the total amount of cash and the fair market value of any other assets contributed (or deemed contributed under Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(d)) or services rendered to the Company by a Member, net of liabilities assumed or to which the assets are subject.  
 
No Additional Capital Contributions.  Members shall not be required to contribute any additional capital to the Company. 
 
No Interest on Capital Contributions.  Interest Holders shall not be paid interest on their Capital Contributions. 

Good Standing.  All members must meet financial obligations i.e. mortgages, rent, et al on the company’s real estate holdings.  Default on said financial obligations will result in surrender of member’s rights to all rights to assets outlined in this operating agreement.  A member will have 90 days to cure financial default.  
 
Return of Capital Contributions.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and applicable law, no Interest Holder shall have the right to receive a return of any Capital Contribution.  Where Interest Holders are entitled to receive a return of their Capital Contributions, they shall not have the right to receive property other than cash in return of their Capital Contributions. 
 
Capital Accounts.  A separate Capital Account shall be maintained for each Interest Holder.  Capital Account means the account maintained by the Company for each Interest Holder in accordance with the following provisions: 
 
an Interest Holder’s Capital Account shall be credited with the Interest Holder’s Capital Contributions, the amount of any Company liabilities assumed by the Interest Holder (or which are secured by Company property distributed to the Interest Holder), the Interest Holder’s distributive share of profit and any item in the nature of income or gain specially allocated to such Interest Holder pursuant to the provisions of Article IV; and  
 
an Interest Holder’s Capital Account shall be debited with the amount of money and the fair market value of any Company property distributed to the Interest Holder, the amount of any liabilities of the Interest holder assumed by the Company (or which are secured by property contributed by the Interest Holder to the Company), the Interest Holder’s distributive share of loss and any item in the nature of expenses or losses specially allocated to the Interest Holder pursuant to the provisions of Article IV. 
 
No Interest Holder shall be obligated to restore a negative Capital Account.  If any Interest is transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee shall succeed to the Capital Account balance. 

 
3.6 Investment Representations.  
 
In connection with the acquisition of an Interest in the Company, each Interest Holder hereby represents and warrants that (a) the Interest is being acquired for the Interest 
Holder’s own account without the participation of any other person, with the intent of holding the Interest for investment and without the intent of participating, directly or indirectly, in a public distribution of any Interest and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any public distribution of the Interest or any portion thereof within the meaning of applicable federal or state securities laws; (b) the Interest Holder is not acquiring the Interest based upon any representation, oral or written, by any person with respect to the future value of, or income from, the Interest but rather upon an independent examination and judgment as to the prospects of the Company; and (c) the Interest was not offered to the Interest Holder by means of publicly disseminated advertisements or sales literature, nor is the Interest Holder aware of any offers made to other persons by such means. 
 
Each Interest Holder acknowledges that such Interest Holder must continue to bear the economic risk of the investment in the Interest for an indefinite period. 
 
Each Interest Holder acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Interest is being issued without registration under any state or federal law relating to the registration of securities for sale and in reliance on the exemptions therefrom; (b) the Interest is subject to transfer restrictions under applicable federal and state securities laws; (c) the Interest will not be transferred unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable state securities laws with respect to such Interest shall then be in effect or an exemption from registration shall be established to the satisfaction of counsel for the Company; (d) the Company will be under no obligation to register the Interest or to comply with any exemption available for sale of the Interest without registration, and the information or conditions necessary to permit routine sales of securities of the Company under Rule 144 of the 1933 Act are not now available and no assurance has been given that they will become available; (e) the Company is under no obligation to act in any manner so as to make Rule 144 available with respect to the Interest; (f) the Company may, if it so desires, refuse to permit the transfer of the Interest unless the request for transfer is accompanied by an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Company to the effect that neither the sale nor the proposed transfer will result in any violation of the 1933 Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction; and (g) a legend indicating that the Interest has not been registered under such laws and referring to the restrictions on transferability and sale of the Interest may be placed on any certificate evidencing the Interest. 
 
The agreements and representations made by the Interest Holders herein extend to and apply to all of the Interests issued pursuant to this Agreement.  Acceptance by Interest Holders of a certificate representing an Interest shall constitute a confirmation by the Interest Holders that all agreements and representations made herein shall be true and correct at such time. 
 
3.7 Representations of Members.  As of the date the Member becomes a Member, such Member represents and warrants that: 
 
such Member has the power and authority to enter into and perform the Member’s obligations under this Agreement; 
 
this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Member and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Member enforceable against such Member in accordance with its terms; 
 
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Member does not violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order, or judgment binding upon the Member, or constitute a default under any agreement or other obligation to which the Member is a party or is otherwise bound; 
 
if purporting to be an entity, such Member is an entity, duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, and the execution, delivery and performance by the Member of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Member; and 
 
any consent, approval, license or other authorization of or by any governmental or regulatory authority required for the valid execution or performance of this Agreement by the Member has been obtained. 
 
3.8 Interest Holder Certificates.  Each Interest Holder’s Interest may be represented by a certificate or certificates, issued after making all required Capital Contributions.  All certificates representing ownership interests shall contain on the face or back thereof, in addition to any other legends that may be appropriate or required by law, a legend in substantially the following form: 
 
“The limited liability company interest (the “Interest”) evidenced by this certificate has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other federal or state securities laws (collectively, the "securities laws"), and may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless made pursuant to a registration statement under the securities laws or pursuant to any available exemption from the registration requirements thereof.  The Interest has been acquired for investment and may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless and until (i) the Interest has been registered under the securities laws, (ii) the Interest is disposed of pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or (iii) the holder of the Interest provides the Company with an unqualified written opinion of legal counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the Company to the effect that the proposed disposition of the Interest may be effected without registration under the securities laws.”  “The sale, transfer or other disposition of the Interest is restricted pursuant to the provisions of an Operating Agreement to which the registered holder hereof and the Company are parties, a copy of which may be examined at the principal office of the Company.  The Company will furnish, without charge, a copy of such agreement to any party having a valid interest therein.” It is intended that the foregoing legend conform to the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of all applicable jurisdictions and the Act, and this legend shall be deemed modified from time to time to conform to any amendments to such laws and this Agreement. 
 
Article IV 
Distributions; Allocation of Profit and Loss; Debts 
 
Distributions.  The timing and aggregate amount of all distributions including cash flow and proceeds from capital transactions shall be determined by the unanimous consent of Members.  Unless otherwise agreed by all of the Members, all distributions, including upon liquidation, shall be made in proportion to the Interest Holders’ Percentage Interests in the Company.  If any assets of the Company are distributed in kind to the Interest Holders, those assets shall be valued on the basis of their fair market value as determined in good faith by the Majority in Interest, and any Interest Holder entitled to any interest in those assets shall receive that interest as a tenant-in-common with all other Interest Holders so entitled. 
 
Tax Distributions.  The Company shall distribute to each Interest Holder, within thirty (30) days after the close of each calendar quarter, from available cash flow, an amount of cash equal to the product determined by multiplying (a) a percentage not to exceed the highest marginal income tax rate (combined state and federal) that any Interest Holder may be subject to, as determined by the Majority in Interest, times (b) the estimated taxable income for federal income tax purposes of the Company allocated to such Interest Holder for the corresponding calendar quarter.  The aggregate of distributions for estimated taxes for any calendar quarter shall not exceed thirty percent (30%) of the Company’s net profits for such calendar quarter.  Further, any such estimated tax distributions shall be subject to the reasonably required needs of the Company as determined by the Majority in Interest to maintain sufficient funds for expenses, debt payments, working capital, reserves, and other business purposes so as not to impair the ability of the Company to continue its business operations in the ordinary course. 
 
Profit and Loss Allocation.  Profits and Losses shall be allocated to the Interest Holders in proportion to their Percentage Interests. 
 
Qualified Income Offset.  No Interest Holder shall be allocated Losses or deductions if the allocation causes an Interest Holder to have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit.  If an Interest Holder receives (1) an allocation of Loss or deduction (or item thereof) or (2) any distribution which causes the Interest Holder to have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit at the end of any taxable year, then all items of income and gain of the Company (consisting of a pro rata portion of each item of Company income, including gross income and gain) for that taxable year shall be allocated to that Interest Holder, before any other allocation is made of Company items for that taxable year, in the amount and in proportions required to eliminate the excess as quickly as possible.  This Section is intended to comply with, and shall be interpreted consistently with, the “qualified income offset” provisions of the Regulations promulgated under Code Section 704(b).  For purposes of this Section, “Adjusted Capital Account Deficit” means the deficit balance, if any, in the Interest Holder’s Capital Account as of the end of the relevant taxable year, after decreasing the account by the amounts which the Interest Holder is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) and increasing the account by the items described in Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)-(d)(4), (5), and (6). 
 
Non-recourse Deductions.  Non-recourse deductions (as defined in Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(1)) for a taxable year or other period shall be specially allocated among the Interest Holders in proportion to their Percentages.  The amount of non-recourse deductions for a taxable year of the Company equals the net increase, if any, in the amount of Minimum Gain during that taxable year, determined according to the provisions of Regulation Section 1.704-2(c). 
 
Member Loan Non-Recourse Deductions.  Any Member loan non-recourse deduction for any taxable year or other period shall be specially allocated to the Interest Holder who bears the risk of loss with respect to the loan to which the Member loan non-recourse deduction is attributable in accordance with Regulation Section 1.704-2(b). 
 
Record Holders for Distributions and Allocations.  Distributions and Profit and Loss allocations shall be made to the Interest Holders shown on the records of the Company at the time the allocation or distribution is to be made.  However, if there is a transfer of an Interest, such allocation or distribution shall be prorated between the original Interest Holder and the successor on the basis of the number of days each was an Interest Holder during the taxable year; provided, however, that any allocation or distribution attributable to any extraordinary or nonrecurring item shall be made to the Interest Holder of record at the time of such transaction. 
 
Article V 
Management 
 
5.1 Management by Members.  
 	 
5.1.1 Subject to the provisions of Section 5.1.2 and 5.2, (i) the powers of the Company shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the direction of, the Members; and (ii) a Member may make all decisions and take all actions for the Company not otherwise provided for in this Agreement, including, but not limited, to the following: 
 
Entering into, making, and performing contracts, agreements, and other undertakings binding the Company that may be necessary, appropriate, or advisable in furtherance of the purposes of the Company and making all decisions and waivers thereunder; 
 
Opening and maintaining bank and investment accounts and arrangements, drawing checks and other orders for the payment of money, and designating individuals with authority to sign or give instructions with respect to those accounts and arrangements; 
 
Maintaining the assets of the Company in good order; 
 
Collecting sums due the Company; 
 
To the extent that funds of the Company are available therefor, paying debts and obligations of the Company; 
 
Acquiring, utilizing for Company purposes, and disposing of any asset of the 
Company; 
 
Selecting, removing, changing the authority and responsibility of lawyers, accountants, and other advisers and consultants; and 
 
Obtaining insurance for the Company. 
 
5.1.2 The Members may not make any decision or take any action for the Company without the prior written consent of a majority of Members on any of the following matters: 
 
Borrow money; 
 
Pledge or encumber any of the assets of the Company; 
 
Make capital expenditures in excess of $__6,000_________; and 
 
Determine distributions of Company cash and other property as provided in Section 
4.1. 
 
5.2 Actions by Members; Committees; Delegation of Authority and Duties. 
 
In managing the business and affairs of the Company and exercising its powers, the Members shall act (i) collectively through meeting and written consents as may be provided or limited in other provisions of this Agreement; (ii) through committees pursuant to Section 5.2.2; and (iii) through Members to whom authority and duties have been delegated pursuant to Section 5.2.3. 
 
A Required Interest may, from time to time, designate one or more committees, each of which shall be comprised of one or more Members. Any such committee, to the extent provided in such resolution or in the Articles or this Agreement, shall have an may exercise all of the authority of the Members, subject to the limitations set forth in the Act. At every meeting of any such committee, the presence of a majority of all the Members thereof shall constitute a quorum, and the affirmative vote of a majority of the Member present shall be necessary for the adopting of any resolution. A Majority in Interest may dissolve any committee at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Articles or this Agreement. 
 
A Majority in Interest may, from time to time, delegate to one or more Members such authority and duties as a Majority in Interest may deem advisable. In addition, a Majority in Interest may assign titles to any Member. Unless a Majority in Interest decide otherwise, if the title is one commonly used for officers of a business corporation, the assignment of such title shall constitute the delegation to such Member of the authority and duties that are normally associated with that office, subject to any specific delegation of authority and duties made pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.2.3. Any number of titles may be held by the same Member. Any delegation pursuant to his Section 5.2.3 may be revoked at any time by a Majority in Interest. At this time, there are no Members designated as officers of this Company. 
 
Article VI 
Members 
 
6.1 Meetings and Voting 
 
Meetings.  An annual meeting of the Members may be held on a date to be determined by the Majority in Interest.  A special meeting of the Members may be called at any time by Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests.  Meetings of Members shall be held at the Company’s principal place of business unless otherwise agreed to by Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests.  In the case of a special meeting of Members, not less than ten (10) or more than thirty (30) days before each meeting, the Persons calling the meeting shall give written notice of the meeting to each Member entitled to vote at the meeting.  The notice shall state the time, place and purpose of the meeting.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, each Member who is entitled to notice waives notice if before or after the meeting the Member signs a waiver of the notice which is filed with the records of Members’ meetings, or is present at the meeting in person or by proxy. 
 
Voting.  Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, the affirmative vote of Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests shall be required to approve any matter coming before the Members or to constitute the act of the Members.  A Member may not grant a proxy for such Member’s vote.  
 
Investment Opportunities. In the event of future investment opportunities, investment by Rincon Hospitality Co., LLC and its members will require a unanimous vote of the members. 
 
Written Consent.  Whenever any action is required or permitted to be taken by the 
Members, such action may be taken without a meeting if such action is taken by all of the Members who would be entitled to vote not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action.  The action must be evidenced by one or more written consents describing the action taken, signed by Members entitled to take such action, and delivered to the Company for inclusion in its records.  If such action is taken by less than all of the Members entitled to vote on the action, all Members entitled to vote on the action who did not participate in taking the action shall be given written notice of the action not more than ten (10) days after the taking of the action without a meeting, but the failure to give such notice shall not invalidate the action so taken. 
 
Telephonic Participation. Any Member may participate in a meeting of the Members by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment allowing all Members participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time.  Participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at a meeting. 
 
Member Liability and Indemnification.  Except as provided in Section 6.2 of this Agreement, no Member shall have any personal liability for any obligation of the Company.  Upon the affirmative vote of Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests, the Company may indemnify a Member who is a party, or is threatened to be made a party, to a suit or proceeding involving the Company, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, other than an action by or in the right of the Company, by reason of the fact that such Member is or was a Member of the Company, against expenses, including attorney’s fees, judgments, penalties, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such Member in connection with the suit or proceeding if the Member acted in good faith, with the care an ordinary prudent Person in a like position would exercise under similar circumstances, in a manner that the Member reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the Company, and within the scope of the authority conferred on Members by this Agreement; provided, that, no indemnification shall be provided for (i) intentional misconduct, (ii) knowing violation of the law, or (iii) any transaction for which the Member received a personal benefit in violation of this Agreement. 
 
Other Member Interests.  Members may have other business interests and may engage in other activities in addition to those relating to the Company.  Neither the Company nor any Interest Holder shall have any right, by virtue of this Agreement, to share or participate in such other investments or activities of a Member or to the income or proceeds derived therefrom. 
 
New Members.  A Person may be admitted to the Company as a Member only upon the unanimous vote of Members and after furnishing to the Company an agreement, in form satisfactory to the Majority in Interest, pursuant to which such Person agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and such other documents or instruments as may be necessary or appropriate to effect such Person’s admission as a Member (including entering into an investor representation agreement or such other documents as the Majority in Interest may deem appropriate in its sole discretion).  Such admission shall become effective on the date on which the Majority in Interest determines that such conditions have been satisfied and such admission shall be shown on the books and records of the Company.  Upon the admission of a Member, the Schedule of Members in Exhibit A shall be amended to reflect the name and Percentage in the Company of such new Member. 
 
Article VII 
Transfer of Interests 
 
7.1 Transfers. 
 
Restriction on Transfer.  No Person may transfer, sell, give, pledge, assign, attach, or otherwise dispose of or encumber any or all of such Person’s Membership Rights or Interest, or any interest therein, except upon the terms and conditions provided in this Agreement.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, encumbrance or other disposition in contravention of this Agreement shall be void.  In addition to all other conditions set forth in this Agreement for transfer, the following conditions must also be satisfied:  (a) the transfer will not require registration of Interests or Memberships Rights under any federal or state securities laws; (b) the transferee delivers to the Company a written instrument agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement; (c) the transfer will not result in the termination of the Company; and (d) the transferor or the transferee delivers to the Company the transferee’s taxpayer identification number and the transferee’s initial tax basis in the transferred Interest.  No Person shall become a substituted Member without the affirmative vote or consent of all Members. A Person who acquires one or more Membership Interests but who is not admitted as a substituted Member shall be entitled only to become an Interest Holder, with a right to allocations and distributions with respect to such interests in accordance with this Agreement, but shall not have any of the voting rights, rights to participate in the management of the Company, or other rights of a Member under the Act or this Agreement.  Any Interest Holder who transfers all or part of such holder’s Interest shall remain jointly and severally liable with the transferee for all the obligations associated with the transferred Interest attributable to the period during which such transferring Interest Holder owned the Interest. 
 
Purchase Upon Desire to Sell.  If a Member or Interest Holder desires to sell some or all of such holder’s Interest, such Member or Interest Holder must first give written notice of such desire to the Members and the Company setting forth the amount of Interest to be sold, the requested purchase price, payment terms, and the proposed closing date, which notice shall be deemed an irrevocable offer to sell for the next sixty (60) days (“Offer Notice”). 
 
The Members shall have the option to purchase the Interest to be sold, on a pro rata basis (or on such other basis as such purchasing Members may agree) by giving the selling Member or Interest Holder and the Company written notice of such desire within thirty (30) days of the date of the Offer Notice. 
 
If all of the Interest to be sold is not taken up by the Members in such time, the Company shall have the option to purchase any remaining Interest which is the subject of the Offer Notice or obtain a purchaser for such remaining Interest, in either case, by giving written notice of such decision to the selling Member or Interest Holder and the Members within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the period within which the Members may give notice of exercise of their right hereunder.  Such notice shall identify the proposed third party purchaser, if any.  Where the Company is purchasing any of the Interest, the purchase price shall be adjusted for any indebtedness or other unpaid obligation owed to the Company by the selling Member or Interest Holder.  
 
The closing of such purchase and sale shall be held at a time and place agreeable to the selling Member or Interest Holder and majority of purchasers, which shall not be more than 30 days after the date by which the Company must give notice of its decision under this Section.  At the closing, the selling Member or Interest Holder shall deliver to the Company any and all certificate(s) representing the Interest being sold, duly endorsed for transfer, and the purchasers shall deliver the purchase price. 
 
If the Member or Interest Holder desiring to make such a disposition under this Section dies, becomes disabled, or an event described in Section 7.1.4 hereof occurs, the provisions of this Agreement governing those events shall control rather than this Section. 
 
7.1.3 Purchase Upon Death or Disability.  If a Member or Interest Holder dies or becomes disabled, the Company shall have the option, but not the obligation, to purchase, all or any portion of the Member’s or Interest Holder’s Interest in accordance with this Section.  The purchase price shall be the fair market value of the Interest as agreed to by the selling Member or Interest Holder (or legal representative, if applicable) and the Company or, if no such agreement is reached within thirty (30) days after the date of death or date of determination of disability, then the subject Member or Interest Holder may, at such Member’s or Interest Holder’s own expense, and within the thirty (30) days after the expiration of the voluntary agreement period above, obtain the opinion of an independent certified public accounting  or valuation firm competent in valuations of businesses like that of the Company.  The fair market value shall then be the average of the fair market value as determined by the Company’s regular accountant and that of the outside accounting/valuation firm obtained by the subject Member or Interest Holder, which averaged value shall be binding and conclusive upon the parties hereto and their successors and assigns.  The purchase price shall be adjusted for any indebtedness or other unpaid obligation owed to the Company by the Member or Interest Holder.  Fair market value shall be determined as of the date of death or determination of disability as applicable.  For purposes of this Section, disability means the first to occur of, (a) a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that is expected to result in death or continue for at least twelve (12) months as certified to by a duly licensed and practicing physician, or (b) the Member or Interest Holder’s receipt of Social Security Disability Benefits (or comparable foreign disability program benefits) or income replacement benefits under the Company’s disability, accident or health plan, for at least three (3) months. 
 
The purchase price is payable at closing, at the option of the Company, either: (a) all in immediately available funds; or (b) by the delivery of the Company's promissory note.  Any such promissory note shall provide for payment of principal and accrued interest (at the Prime Rate announced by the Wall Street Journal on the day before the date that a payment is due under such note) in three (3) annual installments, the first due at closing and the other installments due on each of the next two (2) anniversaries of closing.  The note shall also provide that all amounts due under such note shall become immediately due and payable in the event of (1) the failure of the Company to pay any amounts when due under said note; (2) the filing of any petition for relief under any provision of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, or under any similar federal or state statute by or against the Company; (3) the application for appointment of a receiver or custodian or similar official for the Company’s property; (4) the making of a general assignment for the benefit of the Company's creditors; (5) the levy or seizure of substantially all of the property of the Company; (6) the sale or other transfer (by operation of law or otherwise) of substantially all of the Company's assets (other than to an affiliated person or entity); and (7) the liquidation, dissolution or cessation of business of the Company.  Any such note can be prepaid without penalty or premium.  If the Company owes former Members or Interest Holders under promissory notes delivered in accordance with any buy-out provision of this Agreement, all such Members’ and Interest Holders’ notes shall be considered pari passu, being of equal rank. 
 
 To provide funds sufficient to enable the Company to purchase the Interest of the deceased or disabled Member or Interest Holder, the Company, as determined by the Majority in Interest, may, but is not obligated to, obtain and maintain life/disability insurance on the Members and Interest Holders, in the name of the Company as beneficiary.  Members and Interest Holders agree to cooperate in obtaining such insurance, including, but not limited to, taking physical exams.  If there are insufficient insurance proceeds to cover the purchase price, the difference shall be payable by the Company at closing to the selling Member or Interest Holder (or legal representative, if applicable) which may include the giving of the Company’s note as described above in this Section.  If there are any excess of insurance proceeds over the purchase price, the Company shall retain the excess. 
 
The closing of any sale under this Section shall be within ninety (90) days from the date of death or date of disability determination.  The Company shall select the date, time and place of closing and shall give the selling Member or Interest Holder (or legal representative, if applicable) notice thereof at least fifteen (15) days prior to the closing date.  At the closing, the selling Member or Interest Holder (or legal representative) shall deliver to the Company any and all certificate(s) representing the Interest being sold, duly endorsed for transfer, and the Company shall deliver the purchase price. 
 
 7.1.4 Purchase Upon Legal Proceedings or Change in Entity Member.  If (a) some or all of a Member’s or an Interest Holder’s Interest is to be attached, garnished or levied against, or any legal or other proceeding is commenced wherein any of a Member’s or an Interest Holder's Interest may be sold or otherwise transferred or controlled, either voluntarily or involuntarily, including without limitation, pursuant to an action for divorce, legal separation or other similar proceeding, or any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding is filed by or against any Member or Interest Holder, or (b) any Member or Interest Holder (i) is a trustee of a trust and the trust is terminated, or (ii) a partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other entity and it is liquidated, dissolved, commences winding up, has its charter revoked, ceases doing business, or has a change of control (meaning more than 50% of the owners change, more than 50% of the assets are sold, or more than 50% of executive management changes), then such an event shall constitute an irrevocable offer by the Member or Interest Holder to sell such Interest to the Company for a purchase price equal to the fair market value of the Interest as determined and payable in accordance with Section 7.1.3 of this Agreement.  The Member or Interest Holder whose Interest is at issue shall be under a duty to notify the Company in writing of any such event within two (2) business days thereof.  If the Company exercises its option to purchase any or all of such Interest hereunder, it shall give the selling Member or Interest Holder written notice within fifteen (15) days following the date of the selling Member’s or Interest Holder's notice of the triggering event which notice shall include the date, time and place of closing.  If the Member or Interest Holder has failed to provide notice, the period within which to exercise the option shall commence as of the date that the Company received actual notice of the triggering event.  The closing of any sale of such Interest under this Section shall be within sixty (60) days from the date of the selling Member’s or Interest Holder's notice of the triggering event or, if no such notice is given, then from the date the Company received actual notice of the triggering event.  At the closing, the selling Member or Interest Holder shall deliver to the Company the certificate(s) representing the Interest being sold, duly endorsed to the Company, and the Company shall deliver the purchase price.  The date for determining the purchase price shall be the effective date of the triggering event. 
 
7.1.5 Exercise of Options by Company.  Any exercise of a Company option to purchase under this Section 7.1 shall be by the act of the Company which shall require a vote of the Majority in Interest and Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests.  No interested Manager or Member may vote on whether the Company shall elect to exercise any right to purchase under this Agreement. 
 
 	 
Article VIII 
Withdrawal of a Member; Cessation of Membership; Dissociation 
 
8.1 Voluntary Withdrawal/Dissociation.  No Member shall have the right or power to voluntarily withdraw or dissociate from the Company other than by meeting the transfer terms and conditions of Article VII of this Agreement. 
 
8.2 Cessation of Membership/Dissociation.  Immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following events, a Person ceases to be a Member, and, as to subparagraphs (c) through (f), the successor of such Member shall then become an Interest Holder but shall not become a Member unless admitted in accordance with this Agreement: 
 
When all of the assignees of the Member’s entire interest become Members with respect to the assigned Interest; 
 
When the Member´s entire Interest is purchased by the Company and/or other 
Members; 
 
Upon the death of the Member; 
 
Upon the date of disability of the Member as determined in accordance with Section 
7.1.3 of this Agreement;  
 
Unless otherwise agreed to by Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests at the time, when the Member (A) makes an assignment of substantially all of such Member’s assets for the benefit of creditors; (B) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy; (C) is adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent; (D) files a petition or answer seeking for the Member any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution, or similar relief under any statute, law, or regulation; (E) files an answer or other pleading admitting or failing to contest the material allegations of a petition filed against the Member in any proceeding of this nature; or (F) seeks, consents to, or acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee, receiver, or liquidator of the Member or of all or any substantial part of the Member's properties; and 
 
Unless otherwise agreed to by Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests at the time, if within 120 days after the commencement of any proceeding against the Member seeking reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution, or similar relief under any statute, law, or regulation, the proceeding has not been dismissed, or if within 90 days after the appointment without such Member’s consent or acquiescence of a trustee, receiver, or liquidator of the Member or of all or any substantial part of such Member’s properties, the appointment is not vacated or stayed, or within ninety (90) days after the expiration of any stay, the appointment is not vacated. 
 
Article IX 
Dissolution, Liquidation, and Termination of the Company 
 
Events of Dissolution.  The Company shall be dissolved upon the earliest to occur of (a) an affirmative vote of Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests, (b) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under the Act; provided, that, the Company shall not be dissolved and its affairs shall not be wound up if, prior to the filing of a certificate of termination in the office of the Secretary of State, this Agreement is amended such that, after giving effect to such amendment, such event does not result in dissolution. 
 
Procedure for Winding Up and Dissolution.  If the Company is dissolved, the officers of the Company shall wind up its affairs as provided in the Act.  Upon an affirmative vote of Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests, an accounting shall be made by independent accountants of the assets, liabilities and operations of the Company from the date of the last previous accounting to the date of dissolution and delivered to all Members and Interest Holders.  On winding up of the Company, the assets of the Company shall be distributed, first, to creditors of the Company, including Members or Interest Holders who are creditors, in satisfaction of the liabilities of the Company, and then to the Members and Interest Holders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
Article X 
Books, Records, Accounting, and Tax Elections 
 
Books and Records. The Majority in Interest shall keep or cause to be kept complete and accurate books and records appropriate and adequate for the Company’s business.  The records shall include, but not be limited to, complete and accurate information regarding the state of the business and financial condition of the Company, a copy of the Articles of Organization and this Agreement and all amendments thereto, a current list of the names and last known business, residence, or mailing addresses of all Members and Interest Holders; and the Company’s federal, state, and local tax returns as required by law. 
 
Reports. 
 
Financial Statements.  Within ninety (90) days after the end of each taxable year of the Company, the Majority in Interest shall cause to be delivered to all Members and Interest Holders financial statements for the year then ended (including statements of profit and loss, cash flow, and Members’ equity) and a balance sheet as of the end of such year. 
 
Statements of Distributions and Allocations.  Within ninety (90) days after the end of each taxable year of the Company, the Majority in Interest shall prepare and distribute to the Members and Interest Holders a statement showing the amounts distributed to each Member and Interest Holder during such year and each Member’s and Interest Holder’s share of income, loss and other items for such year. 
 
10.3 Tax Returns.  The Majority in Interest shall cause an accountant to prepare all federal, state, and other tax returns that the Company is required to file, and shall file with the appropriate taxing authorities, all returns required to be filed by the Company in a manner required for the Company to be in compliance with any law governing the timely filing of such returns. 
 
 	 
Article XI 
General Provisions 
 
Further Assurances.  Each Member and Interest Holder shall execute all such certificates and other documents and shall do all such filing, recording, publishing and other acts as the Majority in Interest deems appropriate to comply with the requirements of law for the organization and operation of the Company and to comply with any laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the Company. 
 
Notices.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any notice or offer required under this Agreement must be in writing and either delivered personally, by courier, or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested.  Any notice to be given hereunder by the Company shall be given by an officer of the Company or if there are no officers, then by the Majority in Interest.  A notice must be addressed to a Member or Interest Holder at the Member’s or Interest Holder’s last known address on the records of the Company.  A notice to the Company must be addressed to the Company’s principal office or office of its registered agent in its jurisdiction of organization.  A notice delivered by courier will be deemed given when delivered to the address of the person to receive notice as provided by this Section.  A notice that is sent by mail will be deemed given three (3) business days after it is mailed.  Any party may designate, by notice to all of the others in compliance with this Section, substitute addresses for notices; and, thereafter, notices are to be directed to those substitute addresses. 
 
Specific Performance.  The parties recognize that irreparable injury will result from a breach of any provision of this Agreement and that money damages will be inadequate to fully remedy the injury.  Accordingly, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of one or more of the provisions of this Agreement, any party who may be injured (in addition to any other remedies which may be available to that party) shall be entitled to one or more preliminary or permanent orders restraining and enjoining any act which would constitute a breach or compelling the performance of any obligation which, if not performed, would constitute a breach. 
 
Entire Agreement; Amendment.  This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement among the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior written and oral statements, representations, conditions, warranties, and agreements, if any, with respect to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement may not be amended without the affirmative vote or consent of Members holding a majority of the Percentage Interests.  
 
Mediation; Arbitration; Applicable Law; Jurisdiction.  All questions concerning the construction, validity, and interpretation of this Agreement and the performance of the obligations imposed by this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States.  If a dispute or controversy arises out of or in connection with this Agreement and cannot be settled through negotiation within thirty (30) days of initial notice of the dispute, the parties shall first attempt in good faith to settle the dispute or controversy by mediation.  The disputing parties shall submit the dispute to non-binding mediation conducted by a mutually selected mediator.  Mediation shall be initiated by a party giving the other affected parties written notice to mediate ("Mediation Notice").  If the parties cannot agree on a mediator within ten (10) days after the date of the Mediation Notice, then the mediator shall be selected by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”).  If such mediation is unsuccessful in resolving the dispute or does not occur within sixty (60) days after the date of the Mediation Notice, then such dispute shall then be submitted to, and settled by, a single arbitrator in the City of Charleston, State of South Carolina, pursuant to the commercial arbitration rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association (or at any time or at any other place or under any other form of arbitration mutually acceptable to the parties so involved).  Any arbitration award rendered shall be final and conclusive upon the parties.  The costs and fees of the arbitration, including attorneys’ fees, shall be allocated by the arbitrator taking into account the parties’ intent and agreement that the prevailing party in such dispute shall be entitled to an award of all costs and expenses of such enforcement including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and all other associated legal costs.  The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties, and judgment may be entered in accordance with applicable law in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  Nothing herein shall bar a party from obtaining injunctive relief without arbitration in connection with threatened conduct which will cause loss or damages under rules of equity.  The parties to this Agreement consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of Charleston County, South Carolina in connection with any matter relating to the Company or this Agreement. 
 
Section Titles.  The headings herein are inserted as a matter of convenience only, and do not define, limit, or describe the scope of this Agreement or the intent of the provisions hereof. 
 
Binding Provisions.  This Agreement is binding upon, and inures to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, personal and legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns. 
 
Severability of Provisions.  Each provision of this Agreement shall be considered independent and separable; and if, for any reason, any provision or provisions herein are determined to be invalid and contrary to any existing or future law, such invalidity shall not impair the operation of or affect any other provisions of this Agreement. 
 
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, constitute one and the same document.  The signature of any party to any counterpart shall be deemed a signature to, and may be appended to, any other counterpart. 
 
Governing Agreement.  The provisions of this Agreement that address certain rights or obligations of Members and Interest Holders supersede any authority granted by default under the Act with respect to such rights or obligations to the extent addressed. 
 
No State Law Partnership.  The Members intend that the Company not be a partnership, limited or otherwise, or joint venture, and that no Member be a partner or joint venturer of any other Member by virtue of this Agreement; provided, that, the Company shall be treated as a partnership for federal and, if applicable, state or local income tax purposes.  Each Member, Interest Holder, and the Company shall file all tax returns and shall otherwise take all tax and financial reporting positions in a manner consistent with such treatment. 
 
Attorney Representation.  Each Member acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Company's counsel prepared this Agreement on behalf of, and in the course of its representation of, the Company and not representing any particular Member, (b) such Member has been advised that a conflict of interest may exist among the interests of the Members and the Company; (c) such Member has been advised to seek the advice of independent counsel in connection with this Agreement; and (d) such Member has been advised that this Agreement may have tax consequences but that such Member has not received any representation or advice from Company counsel regarding the tax consequences of this Agreement. 
 
Title to Company Property.  All real and personal property acquired by the Company shall be acquired and held by the Company in the Company’s name.  Each Member and Interest Holder hereby irrevocably waives any right to maintain any action for partition with respect to any property of the Company. 
 
Remedies; Waivers.  The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative and the use of any particular right or remedy shall not preclude or waive the right to use any or all other remedies hereunder, at law or in equity.  The failure or delay in requiring performance under this Agreement or in exercising any right or remedy shall not be deemed a waiver or affect the right to enforce the same.  No waiver by any party to this Agreement of any provision or breach of any provision of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances shall be deemed or construed either as a further or continuing waiver of any such provision or breach or as a waiver of any other provision or breach of any other provision of this Agreement.  No waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the party granting such waiver. 
 	 	 	 	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 
Rincon Hospitality Co., LLC 
 
MEMBERS: 
 
 
 
By: ______________________________ 
     Daniel E. Baker, Member 
 
 	 	 	 	 	 
By: ______________________________ 
    BAL Investments, LLC, Member 
 
 

 
 	 	 	 	 	 
 
 
 	



Rincon Hospitality Co., LLC 
Operating Agreement 
 
EXHIBIT A 
 
 
	Member 	Capital Contribution 	Percentage Interest 	Votes 
	Daniel E. Baker 	$48,000.00	50% 	1 
BAL Investments, LLC 	$48,000.00	50% 	1 
 	 
Rincon Hospitality C0, LLC 
Operating Agreement 
 
EXHIBIT B 
 
SCHEDULE OF DESIGNATED AUTHORITY 
 
 
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, all operational decisions require a Majority in Interest.  
 
Daniel E. Baker or its representatives will have no obligation to this operating agreement as a member of this Company.

BAL Investments, LLC or its representatives will have no obligation to this operating agreement as a member of this Company.
 


 
  
